It's you, I have drawn a line with Shen Tinglan
It doesn't seem appropriate for you to invite me over.
Qinglan
This kid didn't tell you the truth after all.
I don't care if it's true or not
I'll try it myself about my parents
You don't have to spend money.
Wait kid
Look at this.
Here it is.
Little mute looks up
Little dumb
Why is this photo with you?
This is the sky blue ten years ago
You said this is Shen Tianlan.
His mother died of illness that year
His father sent six-year-old Tiran abroad
Let him fend for himself
I was in the company
I don't care much about him
But this is similar to the current Shen Tianmen
Completely different.
He had bipolar disorder.
And anxiety.